[#19] Fix: Some minor typos (#20)
nimblehq/git-template: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/chore_template.md

---
name: "Chore"
about: "Open a chore issue for a minor update."
title: "Update "
labels: "type : chore"
---

## Why

> Describe the update details and why it's needed.

Reviewer: I'm not sure, but should it be:
```suggestion
Describe the update's details and why it's needed.
```

Author: `'s` would be more for `people` in general. 

What about that? 🤔  

```suggestion
Describe the update in detail and why it's needed.
```

Author: Let me know if this way is ok :)
e60fcf1 ✅

Reviewer: It looks good to me
